of Habakkuk the Prophet on Shiggy on
earth Oh Lord I have heard your speech
and was afraid Oh Lord revive your work
in the midst of the years and the midst
of the years make it known in Wrath
remember mercy God came from Tina the
Holy One from mount Paran his glory
covered the heavens and the earth was
full of his praise his brightness was
like the light he had raised flashing
from his hand and there his power was
hidden before him with pestilence and
fever followed at his feet he stood and
measured the earth he looked and
startled the nations and everlasting
mountains were scattered the perpetual
heroes vow his ways are ever lasting I
saw the tents of cushioned and
affliction the curtains of a land of
Midian tremble Oh Lord were you
displeased with the rivers was your
anger against the rivers was your wrath
against the sea that you rode on your
horses your chariots our salvation
your bow was made quite ready olds were
sworn over your arrows you divided the
earth with rivers the mountain saw you
and trembled the overflowing of the
water passed by the deep uttered its
voice and lifted its hands on high the
Sun and Moon stood still in their
habitation at the light of your arrows
they went at the shining of your
glittering spear you march through the
land and indignation you trampled the
nations in anger you went forth for the
salvation of your people for salvation
with your anointed you struck the head
from the house of the wicked by laying
bare from foundation to neck you thrust
through with his own arrows the head of
his villages they came out like a
whirlwind to scatter me they're
rejoicing was like feasting on the poor
in secret you walked through the sea
with your horses through the heap of
great waters when I heard my body
trembled my lips quivered at the voice
rottenness entered my bones and I
trembled in myself that I might rest in
the day of trouble when it comes up to
the people he will invade them with his
troops though the fig tree may not
blossom nor fruit be on the vines though
the labor of olives may fail in the
fields you'll know food though the flock
may be cut off from the fold and there
be no herd in the stalls yet I will
rejoice in the Lord I will joy in the
God of my salvation the Lord God is my
strength he will make my feet like deers
feet and he will make me walk on my high
hills
to the chief musician with my streamed
instruments
Oh